fix: use rewards coordinator in get split functions (#250)
Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed the rewardsv2 bindings version in readme to 0.5.4 in [#246](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs/pull/246).

### Breaking changes
* fix: use rewards coordinator on get operator avs/pi split methods by @maximopalopoli in https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs/pull/250

>   * This PR changes `ChainReader::new` parameters, since now receives the address of the rewards coordinator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The parameters of `ChainReader::new` changed, and it now receives the address of the rewards coordinator. 
```

>     Previously was generated this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It was previously called this way:
```

    ``` Rust
    let el_chain_reader = ELChainReader::new(
        logger,
        SLASHER_ADDRESS,
        DELEGATION_MANAGER_ADDRESS,
        AVS_DIRECTORY_ADDRESS,
        provider_url,
    );
    ```

>     Now, is generated this way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Now, it's called this way:
```

### Breaking changes
### Removed
### Other Changes

> - fix: use rewards coordinator on get operator avs/pi split methods by @maximopalopoli in https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs/pull/250

Author: Done in [Move change to breaking changes in changelog](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs/pull/250/commits/800a1baa5bd3b80219c9595db7003db54a26572b), now I'm going to add examples to it.

> - fix: use rewards coordinator on get operator avs/pi split methods by @maximopalopoli in https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs/pull/250

Author: Done in [Add example of use before/after in changelog](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs/pull/250/commits/fae06f70a5522826a307f70313f7d6e136be5953)!
